docs: initial accessibility section in each component page (#175)
Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui: documents/src/pages/elements/number-field.md

  }
});
```

## Accessibility
::a11y-intro::

> `ef-number-field` is assigned `role="textbox"`. States such as `disabled` or `read-only` are programmatically updated to match the element’s visual state. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ef-number-field` is assigned `role="textbox"`. States such as `disabled` or `readonly` are programmatically updated to match the element’s visual state. 
```

I'm not sure how to put this but internal `input` has role of `spinbutton`.

Author: So why we assign role textbox at host but internal input is spinbutton? What screen reader going to see, textbox or spinbutton?

Reviewer: It will always delegate focus to the internal input.

Author: Ok so it seems that host is not assigned with textbox.  I think we should change to say that it has `spinbutton` role.
Make sense?
